# <p align="center">Me, Understanding Lesbians.</p>

Just took out a reading from my 2nd year undergraduate course on academic writing and critical thinking of English curriculum <sup>[1]</sup>. The reading is about the language used in scientific studies and henceforth the interpretation of science literature by the people. I am referring to it because of the conversation I had with a friend about the societal structure, evolution, nature, power and Lesbians. I always wanted to start writing publicly about a subject that I had already learnt substantially. As I realized how hard it is to dive deep in a subject and acquired the spectacular goldfish focus of millennials*, I attempted to write about the society in general. But my aspirations and capabilities merged today, and the actual outcome is a writing about (well…not even about Lesbians), just my understanding of Lesbians. Maybe… Or Maybe it’s not even about that. Maybe it’s about nothing and this entangled introduction in the best trailer of what’s ahead. (An attempt to make my voice heard incentivized by self-importance and the thinking that I and my thoughts do matter*).
So, the academic reading at my desk references an initial biology research about the fertilization of human male and female cells to form a zygote and further development into an embryo. This biology research uses the words such as “vigilant, aggressive, active, fighter, traveler” for the description of flow of sperms, while the role of female egg is referred as “passive, idle and lifeless”. Female cell is being given “life” by the incoming “worriers”. According to the research the worriers come and transform the lifeless cell into the extraordinary human baby. Today, we know about all the life essential chemicals carried inside the (relatively)big female cell but maybe this fact has travelled a long way to come to us in this raw form. All the documentations have a perception of the writer attached with it, all the writings influence culture and we might be imbibing principles from the culture which is just someone’s biased perception. This very point about documentation was brought up by my childhood friend <sup>[2]</sup> in reference to the evolution of human species at a recent conversation. 
Documentation is almost equivalent of history, but evolution is science. It’s nature. Nature is far bigger and older and stronger than history but we, humans, are defining our naturals based on these documented cultures. I started the conversation with my friend, Ms. Joshi, because it casually occurred to me that- maybe all the tussle for feminism and the extra push for the female upliftment is needed because we are literally “evolving” as species. Maybe, men had responsible roles initially and it’s intrinsically unnatural for them to see women around in jobs, sports, science, etcetera! As women got exposed to the taste of power, they started moving for such roles too. We have not lived in the societies long enough to have had established hierarchy and well-defined roles. We are forming our structures and looking for our best suited roles and it is an ongoing process. It is an ongoing change, change for both the genders, and hence scientifically, the tussle and resistance are none’s intentional fault. Ms. Joshi disagreed with me and said that it’s not evident that men had early evolutionary advantage of societal responsibilities. Probably they just had early advantages over “documentation” and “history” because of which they could steer the culture to think of their characteristics as superior and responsible. According to her, the culture of socialization was led by women as is evident even today. Socialization is the reason of thriving human species. She mentioned how the word-spread about women pioneers, like Rosalind Franklin <sup>[3]</sup> or Ada Lovelace <sup>[4]</sup> or Marie Curie <sup>[5]</sup> or many others, has been far less cultured around. It makes sense, after-all women revolutions are as old as history and still it so happens that women are regarded as to be wanting less authoritative roles. The atrocities on women are fairly documented and the evidence of existence of so many women pioneers in spite of such adverse conditions itself proves how natural and instinctive science or education or responsibility would have been for women. But it has been made very difficult to look natural in our cultures via men ruling early documentations. In human mind, early learnings are far more prominent than later learnings, irrespective of which one is more righteous. Don’t you think so?
The deep learning algorithms <sup>[6]</sup> assign some weight (mostly a random weight) to a feature of the dataset. These weights keep on getting adjusted by complex and layered mathematics till a relevant number for a feature is found. A number, that tells about the actual relevance of the feature (relative to other features) in defining the characteristics of data. But isn’t this a wrong model for machine’s learning if they are trying to be human like? Humans do not collect all the information and then make their judgements based on statistical relevance. ---You haven’t met her yet, but you have “heard” that – “Ouh! She is a bitch”. Now, she WILL be the bitch in your mind, forever. You wouldn’t notice how she talked to you or what she actually did. Now, she would have to try extra hard even to be considered a normal, harmless, potential friend. For human mind, the relevance of time or having that “early advantage”, is everything. Maybe the human mind’s first epoch <sup>[7]</sup> assigns all the weights to all the feature neurons and rest of the subsequent epochs just keep trying to create deviations that setting. It’s almost as if the first data point forms the average in human mind (Oooo!! that could be the new “first impression is the last impression” *). This is seen everywhere and goes deep.
Take the example of any other system, say religion. Religions came after humans and they are created by humans. We have all been taught that our existence is from religion or rather from the GOD defined in the religion. God is the creator and hence is obviously above and before us(humans).  VoLLa! now religion becomes the most superior as soon as it is given that “early advantage”. You define a god who is before your existence and associate it to the religion and then whatever you define in religion gets the superpower of defining that “average” dominance in your mind. Just because you think the GOD of your religion is before (is the creator of) the human society, you agree to everything (bad or good) said in the “documented” religion. This cascades into blind pride that makes you intolerant towards everything that is not there in “your religion”. The moment you consider something as true as religion or god or gender hierarchy… the mind stops updating the weights of the information and we start restricting the changes. The tighter a restriction is, the louder would be the noises when it gets broken for the existence of the naturals. The extremist cases of feminism aiming to dominate men are just similar noises of repercussions. On similar lines, some proud and extremist lesbian communities believe that the need for males is minimal for the sustenance of humanity and hence humans must be in the matriarchal societies.
A Lot of research on artificial insemination is there and seemingly no replacement for the whole uterus and female reproductive system has been discovered till now but I am not learned enough in this field to highlight how relevant the males are in carrying humanity further. Can’t say how legit or stupid the lesbian claim is. But if we just talk about feelings instead of research here, don’t you think everyone wants women around more profoundly? The way the female attention and intimacy is wanted, it’s is far more powerful as compared to men being needed. There must be a reason for the girl on girl porn being the most popular <sup>[8]</sup>, right? Secretly, everyone wants to date a girl <sup>[9]</sup> probably because they are nicer and understanding. Guys do favors for girls out of infatuations, but girls understand the needs deeper and a guy knows that too. Your feeling is evident as you read this long, entangled story because the title had “Lesbians” in it. Had I have given a title like- “A breaking patriarchal society” or “Understanding influences on gender and cultural biases”, and most of you wouldn’t even have opened this read*. Women are mystic and fun. Lesbians are interesting and hot and maybe no one would mind being ruled by them*. That could be our system but do humans need a system? Should anyone try defining any hierarchy? Any structure?
There is another type amongst humans, beyond male and female and anything defined. The ones who do not understand the purpose of societal structure and are wondering right now that why does all this matter to me so much. They are “intellectuals”. Humans of this type are the ones who do not give a damn about a system of any sort. Intellectuals who are indifferent towards religious systems fighting and economical systems breaking or medical systems failing. Intellectuals who try to fix things without wasting their energy on damning about the politics of one societal system. Intellectuals do not plot to rule. They lead the growth. They can be anyone, and they do not need to read the above examples to know that an intellectual can be a woman or a man. They are Alan Turing and Freddie Mercury <sup>[10]</sup> and many more and many unknowns. These intellectuals, in their wide variety and expanse add the randomness to the defined systems of dumb people (the non-intellectuals). Randomness in the value of information in this world <sup>[10]</sup>. No, I don’t understand information theory. I don’t understand most of the things. I am one amongst the dumbs who are trying to figure out a pattern and you are one amongst the ones trying to find something in a high person’s rant that made its way out of a diary*!

Cheers!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\* Pun intended<br />
\** No pun intended

References
1. Shiv Nadar University lets you chose courses besides your major from Natural Sciences, Humanities, Tech, Design and even Art courses.<br />
2. Ms Joshi, a very smart person and a medical student <br />
3. Genetics Pioneer<br />
4. The first coder, not not regarded as the Mother of Computers<br />
5. The one in Physics(a science women don’t understand*)<br />
6. Algorithms influences by how human mind learns consisting of mathematical neurons and weighted connections<br />
7. One epoch is one cycle of update of weights and values in the algorithm. After many epochs the weights stabilize<br />
8. Source: websites and every straight boy<br />
9. A quote my dearest and smartest Ms. Poddar<br />
10. In reference to, them not being a typical man or a woman<br />
11. It’s the essence of Information Theory of Maths- “Entropy is information.”<br />
